# pyside-media-player-practice
basic pyside media player i was working on. The paths are probably still screwed up. Honestly, if you found this place you probably shouldn't download anything. I'm pretty new to this. This was basically me trying to figure out pyside. It does have a lot more features than just a basic media player though. It has a login, registration, it has a button to view random photots, a media player built on the phonon library, a web browser made to save links from online media and add them to a list for later viewing(built on pywebview because I had trouble loading html video in the pyside default browser), it has a pygame window on the first screen where i was trying to learn pygame and thought it would be cool to add pygame to a pyside gui(They seem suprisingly compatible if you have a small game.) If you are having a hard time getting phonon to work with pyside and pyinstaller, go to your python directory(for me that is scripts) and look for phonon_backend folder and add that to your pyinstaller application. It took me an entire day to find out that i already had the backend installed. That is if you are getting the error that says phonon backend is missing. There is also the posibility that you need to download some codecs. This entire project is a mess and abandoned. If I decide to work on it again I will clean everything up. Since these are learning projects, they all kind of look like inteligible cluster fucks with huge chunks of code commented out and random print statements left all over the place from debugging. Feel free to download it if you like though. 
